examples/README.md, before:

## Device Tree overlay examples for sunxi devices

These are some example overlays for the niche devices (i.e. IIO sensors), custom sensor boards with multiple devices on them or devices that require customization by end user (i.e. SPI displays and touch screens)

Compared to the other ones in this repository these are "standalone" - no fixup script is required, so they can be used with the configfs interface too.

#### double-spidev.dts
- overlay for 2 SPIdev devices on 1 SPI bus
- requires activating the SPI bus by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=spi0`)
- requires using SPI bus that supports multiple chip selects (including software/GPIO based ones)
- requires `spi-add-cs1` overlay on H3 and H5


#### gpio-button.dts
- overlay for a GPIO button, active low (when connected to GND), using either EINT capable GPIO pin or polling
- bindings documentation: [gpio-keys.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/input/gpio-keys.txt), [gpio-keys-polled.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/input/gpio-keys-polled.txt)
- internal pull-up is optional and not recommended unless using short wires
- requires adding `poll-interval` property if using "gpio-keys-polled" driver


#### i2c-apds9960.dts
- overlay for an apds9960 sensor connected to the I2C bus
- bindings documentation: [apds9960.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/iio/light/apds9960.txt)
- requires activating the I2C bus the device is connected to by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=i2c1`)
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier
- using external pull-up resistor on the interrupt line is highly recommended if the module doesn't have one


#### i2c-edt-ft5x06.dts
- overlay for a touch screen connected to the I2C bus
- bindings documentation: [edt-ft5x06.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/input/touchscreen/edt-ft5x06.txt)
- requires activating the I2C bus the device is connected to by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=i2c1`)
- may require changing the `compatible` property value even though currently it's not required
- may require changing or removing wake and reset GPIOs
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier


#### i2c-pca857x.dts
- overlay for a PCA8574 GPIO/interrupt controller connected to the I2C bus
- bindings documentation: [gpio-pcf857x.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/gpio/gpio-pcf857x.txt)
- requires activating the I2C bus the device is connected to by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=i2c0`)
- may require changing the `compatible` property value
- may require changing the `reg` property value to the actual address of the chip
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier


#### sht1x.dts
- overlay for a Sensirion SHT1x sensor connected to 2 GPIO lines
- bindings documentation: [sht15.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/hwmon/sht15.txt)


#### spi-ads7846.dts
- overlay for an ADS7846 touch screen connected to the SPI0 controller on H3 based board
- bindings documentation: [ads7846.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/input/touchscreen/ads7846.txt)
- requires activating the SPI bus device is connected to by a kernel provided overlays (i.e. `overlays=spi0`)
- may require changing the `compatible` property value even though currently it's not required
- may require adding wake GPIO
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier


### spi-enc28j60
- overlays for a ENC28J60 Ethernet controller connected to the SPI bus
- bindings documentation: [microchip,enc28j60.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/net/microchip,enc28j60.txt)
- requires activating the SPI bus device is connected to by a kernel provided overlays (i.e. `overlays=spi0`)
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier
- using external pull-up resistor on the interrupt line is highly recommended if the module doesn't have one


### spi-mcp251x
- overlays for a MCP251x CAN controller connected to the SPI bus
- bindings documentation: [microchip,mcp251x.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/net/can/microchip,mcp251x.txt)
- requires activating the SPI bus device is connected to by a kernel provided overlays (i.e. `overlays=spi0`)
- may require changing the `compatible` property value
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier
- may require changing the clock frequency to an actual value of the onboard resonator
- using external pull-up resistor on the interrupt line is highly recommended if the module doesn't have one

Commit message:

ina219 device tree overlay (#1)
shunt-resistor is 10 times bigger than default values, and this
corresponds to cheap ebay modules with ina219, but if your current
readings are off, you will have to modify it

examples/README.md, after:

## Device Tree overlay examples for sunxi devices

These are some example overlays for the niche devices (i.e. IIO sensors), custom sensor boards with multiple devices on them or devices that require customization by end user (i.e. SPI displays and touch screens)

Compared to the other ones in this repository these are "standalone" - no fixup script is required, so they can be used with the configfs interface too.

#### double-spidev.dts
- overlay for 2 SPIdev devices on 1 SPI bus
- requires activating the SPI bus by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=spi0`)
- requires using SPI bus that supports multiple chip selects (including software/GPIO based ones)
- requires `spi-add-cs1` overlay on H3 and H5


#### gpio-button.dts
- overlay for a GPIO button, active low (when connected to GND), using either EINT capable GPIO pin or polling
- bindings documentation: [gpio-keys.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/input/gpio-keys.txt), [gpio-keys-polled.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/input/gpio-keys-polled.txt)
- internal pull-up is optional and not recommended unless using short wires
- requires adding `poll-interval` property if using "gpio-keys-polled" driver


#### i2c-apds9960.dts
- overlay for an apds9960 sensor connected to the I2C bus
- bindings documentation: [apds9960.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/iio/light/apds9960.txt)
- requires activating the I2C bus the device is connected to by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=i2c1`)
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier
- using external pull-up resistor on the interrupt line is highly recommended if the module doesn't have one


#### i2c-edt-ft5x06.dts
- overlay for a touch screen connected to the I2C bus
- bindings documentation: [edt-ft5x06.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/input/touchscreen/edt-ft5x06.txt)
- requires activating the I2C bus the device is connected to by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=i2c1`)
- may require changing the `compatible` property value even though currently it's not required
- may require changing or removing wake and reset GPIOs
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier


#### i2c-pca857x.dts
- overlay for a PCA8574 GPIO/interrupt controller connected to the I2C bus
- bindings documentation: [gpio-pcf857x.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/gpio/gpio-pcf857x.txt)
- requires activating the I2C bus the device is connected to by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=i2c0`)
- may require changing the `compatible` property value
- may require changing the `reg` property value to the actual address of the chip
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier


#### i2c-ina219.dts
- overlay for a INA219 current shunt and power monitor connected to the I2C bus
- bindings documentation: [ina2xx.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/hwmon/ina2xx.txt)
- requires activating the I2C bus the device is connected to by a kernel provided overlay (i.e. `overlays=i2c-ina219`)
- may require changing the `reg` property value to the actual address of the chip
- may require changing the `shunt-resistor` depending on board resistor


#### sht1x.dts
- overlay for a Sensirion SHT1x sensor connected to 2 GPIO lines
- bindings documentation: [sht15.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/hwmon/sht15.txt)


#### spi-ads7846.dts
- overlay for an ADS7846 touch screen connected to the SPI0 controller on H3 based board
- bindings documentation: [ads7846.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/input/touchscreen/ads7846.txt)
- requires activating the SPI bus device is connected to by a kernel provided overlays (i.e. `overlays=spi0`)
- may require changing the `compatible` property value even though currently it's not required
- may require adding wake GPIO
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier


### spi-enc28j60
- overlays for a ENC28J60 Ethernet controller connected to the SPI bus
- bindings documentation: [microchip,enc28j60.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/net/microchip,enc28j60.txt)
- requires activating the SPI bus device is connected to by a kernel provided overlays (i.e. `overlays=spi0`)
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier
- using external pull-up resistor on the interrupt line is highly recommended if the module doesn't have one


### spi-mcp251x
- overlays for a MCP251x CAN controller connected to the SPI bus
- bindings documentation: [microchip,mcp251x.txt](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git/tree/Documentation/devicetree/bindings/net/can/microchip,mcp251x.txt)
- requires activating the SPI bus device is connected to by a kernel provided overlays (i.e. `overlays=spi0`)
- may require changing the `compatible` property value
- may require changing the interrupt GPIO specifier
- may require changing the clock frequency to an actual value of the onboard resonator
- using external pull-up resistor on the interrupt line is highly recommended if the module doesn't have one
